The purpose of this project is to scan the current landscape of local skincare market through the big data-driven research, studying the attitude and experience of consumers towards Chinese skincare brands, or even Guochao, thus find out market opportunities for Estee Lauder brands. 
18:00  Off work! Go to see the stage play from Kai Xin Ma Hua with friends. It’s been hot and discussed everywhere online.
New brand Abby's Choice, focuses on Gen Z audiences
Pets are life companions who can’t speak,
Reasons For Choosing Gen Z: according to the statistics of the National Bureau of statistics, China's Gen Z population totals 260 million, and the population of Gen Z will contribute 40% of the consumption power in 2020.
Students who are addicted to chasing idols, and worshipping idol’s pick. As long as they can afford, they will buy what they want. They value self-pleasure consumption and don’t care about others’ perspectives. they see idols as their spiritual leaders. 
Over the past few years, China has seen a surge in young consumers’ interest in domestic brands and products that incorporate Chinese traditional style and culture, a trend known as Guochao (China Pride). Many footwear, clothing, skincare and jewelry with the concept of Guochao have quickly jumped at this opportunity. In the field of skincare, Chinese brands are booming. Old brands such as Pechoin have been renovated through a series of marketing methods and distinctive oriental elements, winning the love of young consumers. There are also some well-developed brands in a certain field, such as Winona, which has rapidly grown into the leader of sensitive skincare brands within a few years. What is the root cause of the popularity of Chinese skincare brands? What are the demographics and behavioral characteristics of their typical target audience? Learning how to engage with Chinese consumers is a complex task, but having a foundational understanding of their key personas is a first step to inspire communication and product innovation.
Before Sleep, Photographing, Travel
Under the seemingly calm outside, their hearts are actually seething deep down. They know their needs well, and like to compare with others. They believe in scientific skincare and brands recommended by professionals/doctors, and their consumption is super rational.
Since 2018, China has begun to enter the Guochao trend, and many brands have begun to take advantage of the new marketing era. From 2020, brands have paid more attention to improving product itself and appealing to young consumers with great efficacy and quality.
IP crossover is a universal formula for Chinese product marketing; but with the proliferation of co-brandings, it has to be unique and imaginative enough to attract young consumers’ attention.
Benefits, Chinese Products, Tendency to Compare, etc.
Naturalistic Brands: Pechoin focuses on the use of technology to empower herbs, and is committed to creating a youthful IP. Chando has become " The Light Of Chinese Products " because of its deep bundling of Chinese historical moments. Zhuben and Afu create SPA-level aromatherapy skin care.
Patriotism with practical actions
Refuse to be the same
The younger generation has a strong patriotic complex, recognizes the quality of Chinese products, and at the same time has a higher cultural inclusive. International brands, on the basis of adhering to their own identity, crossover cooperation with local brands even integration w/ Chinese traditional elements, will win consumers.
Characteristics Of The Main Audience (Gen Z) Of Chinese Skincare Brands:
Functional Brands: Dr.Yu and winona accurately seized market opportunities and firmly sit on the top spot in skincare for sensitive skin. Zhiben appealed to consumers through caring services.
Chinese brands respond quickly to the market, and it takes a very short time to transform consumers' needs into products; they often take advantages of the market through time gaps.
Research Methodology: The Logic Of Identifying Target Audience
In China,Gen Z Is The Main Force Of Consumption And Internet Users
A Typical Day Of The Paradoxical Curiosity
Social Online, Meet Offline
Irregular lifestyle and try new things blindly make them prone to urgent skin problems such as dark circles and damaged face.
Develop Brands’ Own Unique Selling Points, Competing w/ Established Market Leaders
Selection Logic Of Target Audience
 But many women are seeking for anti-aging.
TOP4  Patriotic Emotions
The Paradoxical Curiosity praise the cost-effectiveness and good-looking appearance of the products. They like to try new things and always follow the trend, having no resistance to the new and trendy products.
However, they require a good complexion and in good state to meet with friends on holidays.
Shopping Online, Food, Social Sharing, Exercise, Stay Up Late, Health Preservation (养生), Shopping, Party, etc.
Paid For Music, High Frequency Of Listening
even exposed to foreign consumers.
Gen Z: born in 1995-2009, Gen Y: born in 1980-1994, Total: Gen Z and Gen Y.
Chinese elements and brand cross-over for the first time, opening the era of Guochao.
Passionate About Health Preservation & Care About Wellness
Life pressure is high, subpar-health phenomenon is common,
Typical characteristics of the Gen Z: Values (Life Experience, Social Circle, Show Your Personality, National Identity ), Consumption Concepts (consumption for Personality, Appearance, Self-pleasure, Social Contact and Emotions);
#1 The Paradoxical Curiosity: Chasing Fresh Knowledge, Curious About Future World And The Uncertainty
The Shrewd Coolness (精明假佛族) (11.8%)： Seemly casual, but rational & precocious. They don’t follow blindly, don’t buy blindly. They just buy what they need. They buy Chinese skincare brands because of real useful functions, and recognize the advantages of high-efficacy Chinese skincare products.
The High-Tech Inhabitants (科技原住民) (28.8%)：Fanatic for Sci. & Tech. They like staying at home but not feel lonely. They face electronic products for a long time, which easily causes various skin problems, and they value the technology of Chinese skincare brands.
Danmaku is a social etiquette for watching videos after 95 
In 2019, Alibaba's "New Chinese Products Plan 2020" includes assisting 1000 industrial zones nationwide to be comprehensively digitized and upgraded, as well as help 200 told-name brands to sell more than 100 million RMB annually. In many ways, it is supporting traditional brands.
Stay Up Late, Working, Staying At Home
More of Gen Z audiences of Chinese skincare brands are female.
Top 10 Hobbies Of Generation Z
Support idol topics online and buy brands endorsed by idols offline 
Further research will classify domestic brands as different types for brand strategy analysis
The Current Situation Of Chinese Skincare Brands:
TOP3  Social & Maintain
Young people who have just graduated from university or are in graduate school. They are unclear about their life position. They have a wide range of hobbies, while some may be paradoxical.
but can heal and accompany yourself. 
ACG, gaming, Chinese ancient style, fandom, Garage Kits (手办圈), etc.
Research scope and data analytical methodology
The Four Life Values Of Gen Z
Recommendations for Estee Lauder
The Shrewd Coolness is obviously driven by efficacy, and it is more susceptible to word-of-mouth communication than the diffusion  of marketing.
Reference materials: "White Paper on the Consumption Power of Generation Z", "Research Report on Generation Z Crowd Circles"
They are born netizens. Their daily hobby is to play games, and they like to buy garage kits (手办). For skincare products, technological factors will become one of their purchasing considerations.
#1 The Paradoxical Curiosity Easily Get Dark Circles And Damaged Face Due To Irregular Lifestyle Or Frequent Trials of New Things Blindly
The Happy Idolatry has been crazy about chasing stars. The influence of traffic stars and guerilla marketing can easily attract their attention, but the brand loyalty of this audience is average.
Guochao Started In 2016; Chinese Skincare Brands Have Started Booming Since 2018
Selected Audience: people relevant to Chinese skincare brands (mention/discuss domestic brands/products to show interest or already purchase).
Strong awareness of paying for music and long listening time 
"Recently, I stayed up late again. Just a few days ago, people said I’ve turned white and looked good. Now my skin back to the original bad state, sigh~"
Taking The Trend of Guochao, Leading Chinese Beauty Brands Outstands With Traditional Cultural Image; Plus Their Cost-effectiveness Adds On Appeal To Young Audiences
Scope Of Chinese Skincare Brands
78.6% of Chinese skincare brand audiences are Gen Z, among which post-95s takes about half.
Can’t stop curious about every new things
Love to try new things and share with others
Have a wide range of hobbies and want to join different social circles/hobby communities
Like shopping sharing from insiders
Focus on cost performance, but willing to pay a premium for good-looking stuffs
"Love trends, hotspots, and all new things that are trending! The unknown is interesting, and exploring the world is my mission!"
08:30  Have a trendy breakfast cereal.
09:30  Go to work and clock in! Wait? A new Thai restaurant opened downstairs!
12:00  Lunch break! Try the new Thai restaurant and receive the fashion shoes I bought 2 days ago.
15:30  Why not have a bottle of milk tea? Let’s order the Spring special Cherry & Peach (樱花桃桃).
23:30  Go home and rest, checking Douyin before sleep to see what’s trendy.
Urgent Skin Problems
The Paradoxical Curiosity like to try various new products and live casual routines, causing skin problems such as allergy and damaged face.
The Paradoxical Curiosity love to go shopping and party with friends during holidays, and the complexion and state of their skin are their main focus.
—— My Most Concerned Skincare Occasions (By Share of Buzz)
“The consequence of staying up for a few days is that dark circles and smile lines are obvious."
"I don't know the acne is caused by staying up late or allergy, not happy"
“Can’t see my face without beauty filters. Long-term late sleep + random eating + unhappy mood + makeup +...= various skin problems (damaged face)"
"I got allergic after using the newly bought lotion combos. So uncomfortable, I dare not try blindly in the future."
"I regret that I didn't bring more skincare products home. Driving lessons consume too much whitening products and sunscreens."
"Whitening mask, every time I go out to party or something, I will apply it, not bad!"
“Go shopping, exercise, go for a meal, do whatever you want, look good, and have a good body!"
Traditional Chinese Brands: China's time-honored skincare brands or old brands with oriental characteristics.
New Chinese Brands: rapidly rising brands focusing on a certain type of skincare field.
Internet Celebrity Brand: popular (high-sales) skincare brand or single product.
Gen Z Definition: the generation born in 1995-2009, they are Internet "aborigines". Compared with the previous generation, their purchase preference might significantly affect the family's purchase decision.
* In order to facilitate analysis, in addition to Chinese skincare products, the data also covers Estee Lauder and international prestige brands such as Lancôme, Shiseido, etc.
03. Marketing Strategy Analysis
02. Target Audience Segmentation Deep-dive
Skin Feeling, Cost Performance, Follow Trends, etc.
Stay Up Late, Urgent Skin Problems, Holidays/Vacations
Games, Garage Kits, AI, Photograph, Constellation, etc.
Technology Ingredients, Promotions, Chinese Products, Recommendations By Acquaintance, etc.
Chasing Idols, Dance, Variety Shows, Funny Videos, etc.
Celebrity Recommendations, Gifting, Self-pleasure Consumption, etc.
Shopping, Dinner Party, Go To School
Leisure And Entertainment, Traditional Health Preservation, ACG, Manga, etc.
They put efforts on skincare routines before sleep to make better skin conditions, wishing to look beautiful and delicate in front of the camera.
They love travel, concerning about sun protection and skin stability with environment changing.
The Shrewd Coolness are keen on travel and entertainment, so they are concerned about sun protection during the journey and skin stability after changing the environment.
—— My Most Concerned Skincare Occasions (By Share of Buzz)
The Shrewd Coolness Like to show the best skin condition in the photos. It can’t be dull, yellowish, oily.
"The feelings of traveling around these days, bring a basic sunscreen, an eyebrow pencil, a lipstick, enough"
"Evening skin care ~ travel is the time when you can't let yourself go. Different regions and environments can easily make skin sensitive."
"My face is allergic, and I applied a thick layer of repair cream before going to bed. After waking up, my face turned glowing. ​"
"At least three or four times a week to apply hydrating masks. Can't be lazy for skincare before going to bed. Otherwise, My face will become worse.
"In order to take photos, I got up at seven o'clock sharp. Fortunately, I went to bed early after finishing it so that my face didn't look so yellow"
"I feel that using acid is effective...My skin is a little bit whiter, take a photo to commemorate it"
Live casually but not blindly
“It doesn‘t matter, it’s okay, I am really like a Buddhist! (I would get everything secretly to reflect my better taste)"
07:00  Practice half an hour in the morning before breakfast. Preserving health should start from bit by bit.
09:30  Start to work, I will be calm everyday and bring a smile to everyone ：)
12:30  During lunch break, open my homemade nutritious lunch
15:30  Afternoon tea time, share health care experience with friends
17:30  Go to a small gathering at a relative’s house after work. We take a lot of photos. These are all precious memories, so happy~
2. Casual Watching Videos, Danmaku (弹幕) Exchange
3. Idol Consumption, Star-chasing Online
6. Online Life, Addicted To Indoorsy Culture
7. Obsessed With Games, Experience A Different Life
8. Indulge In ACGN, Seek Resonance
10. Like Cute Pets, Adjust Life
Like to share their status on social media, and make friends in different circles through interest
Like to check-in during fitness process and show off your body
Home is healing, it is the process of seeking oneself, eating and shopping all rely APP, both spiritual and material enjoyment.
04. Appendix
03. Marketing Strategy Analysis
02. Target Audience Segmentation Deep-dive
Functional Skincare: Dr. Yu And Winona Accurately Seized Niche Market Opportunities, And Firmly Sit On The Top Spot In Skincare Choices For Sensitive Skin
In terms of IP crossover, Winona is more inclined to cooperate with old-name brands with a sense of history and memory, and Dr.Yu is more inclined to deep digging in the medical field.
Cooperate with the medical school to focus on skin repair and directly address consumers’ "emergency rescue" needs.
Scenario marketing to help consumers make choices.
Regular expert lectures are held to answer questions online for consumers with skin troubles, and make consumers feel a unique "customized" service.
Co-brand with China Post to customize the commemorative stamp album of “National Power · Made in China” to record China‘s memorabilia and focus on patriotic feelings.
In-depth cooperation with Alibaba at the 2011 Double Eleven Gala, live broadcast + show "Stage Design" layout featuring Winona’s main plant ingredients.
Hospital Endorsement + Professional Segment + Customized Experience
Marketing Focuses On Patriotic Feelings And Efficacy
In-depth crossover cooperation: traffic and sales volume hit a new height.
Deep digging in the professional field, KOL crossover with medical influencers.
Demographic Overview: Gen Z Leads The Online Chinese Skincare Brands Audience
Gen Z audiences of Chinese skincare brands are more concentrated in Tier 1 & 2 cities, accounting for nearly 70%.
The monthly disposable income of Generation Z is as high as 4,193 Yuan. Their consumption power is growing rapidly, with YoY growth rate much higher than that of other age groups.
Data source: National Bureau of Statistics, the statistical time is up to the end of 2018.
Network Depth User
Generation Z accounts for more than 30% of all Internet users, contributing nearly half of the growth rate of the mobile Internet, and using mobile phones to access the Internet more than 4 hours a day.
Huge Population Base
The total population of Generation Z is approximately 280 million, accounting for approximately 19% of my country's current total population.
The total population of Generation Z is approximately 280 million, accounting for approximately 19% of my country's current total population.
Huge Consumption Potential
In 2020, the consumption power of Generation Z will account for about 40% of the overall consumption power.
Data source: National Bureau of Statistics, the statistical time is up to the end of 2018.
The thoughtful design and service satisfy the psychology of Gen Z wanting a "unique" experience.
A rigorous attitude towards R&D and environmental protection helps the brand’s word-of-mouth communication.
The Marketing Method Is In Line With The Unique Sense Of Honor And Personality Targeting Gen Z.
The high-end limited gift box is only giving, not for sale, so that the old fans have a unique sense of honor.
Functional Skincare: Cheermore (至本) Uses Rigorous R&D Attitude, Caring Service And Expensive Limited Gifts To Attract Gen Z
The sense of honor from the expensive limited gift box, and the holiday marketing concept of highlighting individuality, cater to the personality-oriented values of Gen Z.
Cheermore ‘s customer service will analyze the skin condition of consumers one-on-one, and recommend skincare products in a targeted manner. Netizens say that it is especially like an inquiry with the “expert-level” doctor in the hospital.
A complete display of experimental data, to convey a rigorous scientific skin care brand impression to consumers.
Join FSC and pass on the concept of green environmental protection.
2021 New Year's gift box-"Niu Niu Dashun", including New Year's limited star products, customized crystal ball and 1,500 yuan customized Lao Fengxiang zodiac bracelet.
Four star products + 16 peninsula hotel custard mooncakes, ten of them will be given to ten students.
On March 8th, "female" does not need to be defined as a short film, encouraging women to be true to themselves.
Because the sitting posture is said to be not like a girl.
Because the sitting posture is said to be not like a girl.
Because the sitting posture is said to be not like a girl.
Target audience segmentation of Chinese skincare brands (with a Gen Z focus)
Marketing strategy analysis of top Chinese skincare brands and the opportunity of Estee Lauder
The main audience of local products is Gen Z, accounting for 78.6% of the total TA studied in this report .
Four typical audiences of Chinese skincare brands:
Typical Chinese Skincare Brands Marketing Analysis:
Niche/Cost-effective Brands: One Leaf deeply bundles Japanese R&D technology, and prefers to co-brand with young trendy brands to attract attention.
Ingredient Brands: HAA pioneered small but excellent Chinese skincare products. HFP increases its popularity through diversification and crossover.
The Paradoxical Curiosity are the main audience of Estee Lauder. The biggest characteristic of this kind of people is their pursuit of trendy products and attractive appearance.
To attract The High-Tech Inhabitants, it is necessary to focus on promoting the technological sense of the product and the exclusive patented ingredients/technologies to create an image of professionalism.
The niche segments of Chinese skincare market is becoming more and more obvious. The main reason is accurate consumer insights. If international well-known brands want to maintain their market share, they need to stay abreast of Gen Z, understand their psychographics and be friends with Gen Z;
The caring service of Chinese products can easily win the favor of local young consumers; it is also easy to motivate them to speak up on social platforms.
The Paradoxical Curiosity (阳光好奇星人) (36.8%)： Pursue new knowledge, full of curiosity, no resistance to the attractive appearance of fashion brands or local brands. They are main audience of Estee Lauder.
The Happy Idolatry (泛娱乐逗比青年) (22.7%)：Entertainment is paramount, life is casual. They are willing to spend money for idols. They like the interesting marketing of Chinese skincare brands and fun endorsements with traffic stars.
The Four Major Consumption Mindsets Of Gen Z
Highlight your own personality and taste; value attractive appearance; spend money to make oneself happy is also a need for communication within the social circle; Buy it if you are patriotic.
The latest and unique experience
Easily attracted by lovey appearance and willing to spend more on packaging
Seize the opportunity, enjoy the moment, cannot resist limited products and discounts
Give yourself the best within your ability
Follow the trends in the social circle and maintain a common language
Break through social barriers and get common topics through buying
High quality, not losing to international famous brands
Including product appearance, packaging, limited edition, customization, niche brand and other label words
Including celebrity recommendation, friend recommendation, trend chasing, internet celebrity brand and other label words
Including product use skin feel, purchase ritual sense, give yourself gifts and other label words
Including nostalgia, oriental beauty and other sentimental purchase intentions, as well as label words that have a clear preference for national style packaging
Only-child generation, eager to socialize
They believe that experience is first; have their own social circle and communication language; lonely but love to show individuality; have a strong sense of identity with motherland and culture.
TOP1  Life Experience: 82.0%
Pursue the abundance of the spiritual world
TOP2  Social Circle :
Only-child generation, eager to socialize
Unique social circle language and communication channels
TOP3  Show Your Personality: 13.9%
Desire for "unique" products and services
TOP4  National Identity : 2.8%
Strong sense of cultural identity, and national confidence
Cultural inside
Labels: Sports and fitness, artificial intelligence and other lifestyles, music, exhibitions and other cultural activities, pets, drama chasing, relaxation, traditional health preservation, etc.
Labels: E-sport games, niche designers, raising rare pets, niche exhibitions, art, music and other hobbies.
Labels: Chinese style music, Chinese animation, traditional opera, traditional cultural variety shows, national fashion brands, etc.
Chinese Skincare Brands
Hot and Trendy Product:
YSL Black Opium Eau De Toilette
Chanel Gabrielle
JacksonYee(易烊千玺) became Bulgari‘s first global fragrance spokesperson, and shot a video to promote Bvlgari Pour Homme in July 2020, triggering heated discussions.
In March 2020, Chanel Gabrielle was launched, using slogan such as "I don't pursue the ultimate, I want purity" to win the attention and enthusiasm of consumers.
Hot and Trendy Product:
Popular Prestige Juice Fragrance Products Trend Analysis (N=52,035)
Proportion of Buzz Volume= Specific product Buzz Volume / Category Buzz Volume
Trend Index = Average Buzz Growth
*N refers to the number of original posts that mention keywords in this research.
Hot and Trendy Product:
Serge Lutens Nuit De Cellophane
Juliette Has A Gun Not A Perfume
L'Artisan Passage D'Enfer
In January 2021, Chenyu Hua (华晨宇) served as the brand spokesperson for Atelier Cologne , and promoted the star products Atelier Cologne Love Osmanthus and Atelier Cologne Orange Sanguine, etc.
Maison Margiela signed Yuchun Li (李宇春) as the brand‘s fragrance spokesperson in December 2020, and Yuchun Li’s pick – Maison Margiela Lazy Sunday Morning - became popular among fans.
*N refers to the number of original posts that mention keywords in this research.
Hot and Trendy Product:
Popular Luxury Juice Fragrance Products Trend Analysis (N=74,133)
Proportion of Buzz Volume= Specific product Buzz Volume / Category Buzz Volume
Trend Index=average Index Value Of Buzz Volume Change
*N refers to the number of original posts that mention keywords in this research.
Home fragrance grows rapidly, and its growth rate ranks top on social media and e-commerce platforms.
Home fragrance grows rapidly, and its growth rate ranks top on social media and e-commerce platforms.
*N refers to the number of original posts that mention keywords in this research.
Home Fragrance
Fashion brand of iconic elements supports fragrance packaging; product design retain a minimalism style; product named by solid everyday scene conveys the brand’s idea of engraving the olfactory memory through fragrance.
Yuchun Li (李宇春), who has international fashion image and strong fans, is chosen as the first global spokesperson, which is in line with the brand position.
Through online and offline multi-channel promotion and cooperation with pop-up stores and retail stores, to target customers and improve brand and product awareness.
Product design retains fashion line’s iconic elements; each product has a unique story, through smell evoking good memories
Select the spokesperson that fits the fashion image, promoting both online and offline, and cooperate with the beauty retail store to launch the new product exclusively, so as to improve the recognition of the target customers
On 22nd, Yu Zhang (张宇) and Yuchun Li conducted an exclusive interview in Margiela's official Douyin studio. After that, GQ and IF videos were released within a week respectively to keep the topic lively.
At the beginning of March, Springtime hit the stands. Magiela released  Yuchun Li's film "Magiela·Spring", and cooperated with a number of fashion, clothing and home furnishing KOL to promote it.
* N refers to the number of original posts with keywords mentioned in the research.
*N refers to the number of original posts that mention keywords in this research.
Atelier Cologne: Pick Ambassador Not Based on Fanbase Traffic; Create Unique Categories And Customized Packaging To Enhance Brand Recognition
Original category of Cologne Absolue, creates a professional image as the most refined cologne; Personalized leather cases can be customized to deepen the "distinctive" characteristics of the brand.
Multi-color leather case packaging has visual impact and attracts eyeballs; And provide customized leather cases and lettering services.
Chengyu Hua (华晨宇), as the new spokesperson, once again opened a new chapter of Atelier Cologne Scent Radio after Jay Chou.
Atelier Cologne has made a the single-scented cologne to the extreme, and creating a new category – Cologne Absolue (精醇古龙); Fresh and colorful, customizable packaging leather case, with strong brand recognition.
The official announcement stressed that Atelier Cologne created a new fragrance category of “Cologne Absolue”.
The buzz of overall fragrance market rises steadily: e-commerce discussion increased by 14.5%, social discussion increased by 4.0%.
*N refers to the number of original posts that mention keywords in this research.
#Customized fragrance (用户“加乘定制”香氛)#
In early 2021, Bvlgari launched a series of offline and online activities, such as the pop-up store with candy-like designs to target young consumers.
Jean-Christophe Babin, Bvlgari‘s global CEO, said, “The goal of the fragrance business is to attract young consumers” Then In July 2020, Bvlgari announced that Jackson Yee became the global fragrance spokesperson.
In January 2021, at the Shanghai West Bund Art Center, Bvlgari Fragrance x Tmall Heybox Product Appreciation Ceremony– 100,000 consumers watched online
In January 2021, Bvlgari Fragrance Festival Pop-up Store at Shanghai Yuyuan Road - Immersive experience space
17.6 billion Views
In-depth binding of Japanese technology, endorsed by well-known Japanese laboratories.
Create the concept of food into skincare product, using unique technology to preserve the freshness of raw materials to the greatest extent.
One Leaf  and Japanese laboratories jointly develop patented technology to create the concept of food into skincare product.
Preference for crossover cooperation with young fashion brands, and the way of imaginative cooperation attracts the attention of young people.
Released a new product, lactic acid bacteria mask, focusing on the concept of skin micro-ecology and peach juice instead of water.
One leaf joins Wei Ke Zi 味可滋 to create "Invincible, My Girl's Heart" pop-up tea shop.
In June 2020, crossover with Jiujiuya 久久丫 to cater to the life scene of Gen Z binge-watching, gnawing ducks and staying up late for skincare, and deeply reach young customers.
One leaf × PINKTOP
One leaf × Usmile
One Leaf × Chao Acer
The ingredients come from large factories, traceable to the source, pursue product excellence, and satisfy consumers' pursuit of quality.
Create a small but quality-driven domestic skincare brand to meet consumers' skincare needs on multiple occasions.
Pay Attention To The Endorsement And Professionalism Of Ingredients, And Create A Small But Quality-Driven  Domestic Skincare Brand
Multi-dimensional Crossover Marketing, Delivering Interesting And Fun Domestic Brand Image To Consumers
Ingredients Skincare: HAA And HFP Show Lively Images Of Cutting-edge Domestic Products, With Multi-dimensional Crossover Marketing
HAA wins the favor of consumers with its small and precise packaging and excellent patented ingredients.
HFP increases exposure through diversified crossovers.
HAA focuses on patented ingredients. The core ingredients of each product are selected from internationally certified patented ingredients, which can be traced back to the source.
Disassemble the traditional cream into 4 cans to keep the activity to the greatest extent.
Co-branded with Golden Classic to launch Niacinamide Whitening Essence Gift Box, which was launched on Tmall’s New Year’s Day, making its niacinamide facial mask a popular item on Tmall in 2020.
Perform crossover cooperation with ITO and launch the "Restart City" co-branded gift box on the occasion of the pandemic.
Hand in hand with Tom & Jerry to launch the "Chess and Fun" co-branded gift box, conveying minimalism.
*N refers to the number of original posts with keywords mentioned in the research.
*N refers to the number of original posts that mention keywords in this research.
03. Marketing Strategy Analysis
02. Target Audience Segmentation Deep-dive
01. Project Objectives & Methodology
03. Consumer Profiling & Needs Analysis
04. Suggestions & Conclusions
The bath & body fragrance market was dominated by L‘Occitane En Provence and Scent Library, which accounted for 44.1% and 36.0% of the buzz percentage, respectively.
*Brands with buzz% less than 1% are not displayed.
*N refers to the number of original posts mentioned keywords in the research.
Consumers Pay More Attention To Brands Who Has Chinese Official Sales Channels while Holding Less Confidence In Brands Without Official Channels In China
Diptyque opened official sales channel in China and triggered consumer discussions in social media, while attracting more consumers’ attention and brand exposure.
What?? is it because of the covid-19? I found out Diptyque has launched a Tmall store! I dont need to find a Daigou anymore finally!!
Diptyque Launched Its Chinese Official Website for Consumers to Get to Know and Purchase Products More Conveniently
In the bath & body fragrance, body lotions and hand creams are the formats that consumers pay the most attention to, and the buzz is mainly driven by Scent Library L.B.K Water Body Lotion(气味图书馆凉白开身体乳和) and L'Occitane En Provence Shea Hand Cream(欧舒丹乳木果护手霜).
3. Scent Library White Rabbit Shower Gel
N refers to the number of target audience collected for the research.
01. Project Objectives & Methodology
03. Consumer Profiling & Needs Analysis
04. Suggestions & Conclusions
01. Project Objectives & Methodology
03. Consumer Profiling & Needs Analysis
04. Suggestions & Conclusions
#2 The Artistic Young: Brand Preference
Top Juice Fragrance Brand (N=9,553)
Top Home Fragrance Brand (N=187)
N refers to the number of people who mentioned relevant keywords.
Bath & Body fragrance buzz volume less than 0.5% is not displayed, and home fragrance buzz volume less than 1% is not displayed.
Integrate aroma healing and solving skin problems, emphasizing that you can do SPA at home.
Pay attention to the origin of the product, and train the aromatherapist while making the product.
At the brand level, cooperate with famous dancers, and communicate with consumers by using the founder’s personal letter to convey the brand concept of pursuing the original heart, without much MKT stunts.
Imaginative crossover triggers consumer heated discussion.
Naturalistic Skincare: Zhuben And Afu Integrate Aroma-therapy Into Skincare Benefits, Creating Spa-level Skincare
Zhuben and Afu have been deeply involved in the field of aroma-therapy for many years, aiming to release stress and soothe nerves during skin caring.
The personal letter from the founder of Zhuben can make consumers feel the brand temperature, but it is difficult to become mainstream. Afu's Imaginative crossover is easier to attract consumers' attention.
Afu joins hands with Fulinmen to launch limited cleansing oil.
Afu‘s alternative crossover triggers talking points with nicknames
The High-tech Inhabitants think that the ingredients and technology of Chinese skincare products can fully meet their expectations, and at the same time Chinese skincare products have the advantages of cost performance and superior service experience.
"I want to buy a retinol serum now. Whether it is a Chinese product or a foreign product, the ingredient retinol is the same. Considering that the service and price of Chinese products are more satisfactory. Why not buying a Chinese product?"
Audience Attitude Towards Chinese Skincare Products
They concern the skin aging problem caused by overnight gaming, and focus on benefits of preventing early aging, like fine lines, anti-wrinkle and reducing wrinkles.
“I won’t buy blindly! Products must contain effective ingredients and technology, or acquaintances recommended them. And they are better to be discounted.”
Chando uses Himalaya‘s precious ingredients to create brand differentiation. During R&D, it fully considers the characteristics and needs of Chinese people.
Chando uses precious natural ingredients to differentiate the brand with others, and responds extremely quickly to market trends, such as the “basement membrane” that was emerging last year.
On one hand, it cooperates with international forums and competitions to highlight the Chinese symbol of the brand. On the other hand, it uses its brand personality to attract young consumers.
Pay attention to trendy concepts; focus on the "basement membrane" related benefits, and let consumers have a stronger visual impact through the "anti-oxidant experiment".
The official flagship store released an "antioxidant experiment" to prove the product's efficacy.
Witnessing China's glorious moments again and again, conveying the core spiritual power of domestic products that constantly surpass oneself.
Shooting a short film "to be a tributary, not to follow the stream", to encourage everyone to beautify their own differences.
On March 8th, the Chinese comic short film “Contemporary Mulan” was staged to pay tribute to the women fighters with the help of traditional culture.
#2 The Artistic Young: Occasion And Emotional Preferences
They like the emotions of showing uniqueness, cold/Icy Beauty, mystery and nostalgia that fragrance brings.
3. Before Sleep: TGI=108.1
N refers to the number of people who mentioned relevant keywords.
N refers to the number of people who mentioned relevant keywords.
Stay at home but not lonely, own hobbies and small world
Like games and technology
Technology can make me enjoy life better
Don't be afraid of others' eyes, live my way
Chase innovation and cutting-edge technology
Require the true value of the product and won’t pay for the premium
#2 The High-Tech Inhabitants: Technology Fills Life, Staying At Home Without Loneliness
“High-tech, black technology, tech is power! I am a leader of technology in the new era!"
Like games and technology
12:00  During lunch break, let’s have a game with colleagues
14:00  Taobao has another promotion! Hurry up and pay attention
19:30  Found a store promoting “genetic customized precision skincare”. I haven’t heard of this technology, so invite a friend to try it out the upcoming weekends
20:30  Play mobile game with friends! For the tribe, for the alliance!
The group have a wide range of hobbies, which means they pay attention to both international brands as well as Chinese functional skincare brands and niche brands, such as Winona and Dr.Yu, WIS and MG.
Pechoin uses “technology to empower herb”, seeking excellent partners around the world, and breaks the inherent impression of "herb = mildness" .
Using Technology To Empower Products; Reform Chinese Skincare to Follow Consumer Demand
The veteran herbal Chinese skincare brand headed by Pechoin has added hard-core technology based on active ingredients to re-define Chinese skincare.
By embracing traffic and extensively co-branding with traditional cultural IP, Pechoin has attracted eye balls frequently, which has greatly satisfied consumers‘ patriotic sentiment and pursuit of attractive design.
After Pechoin changed its brand strategy, it strategically cooperated with the global biological giant Merck to jointly develop the Pechoin Youth Active Cream(百雀羚淡纹帧颜霜), which focuses on the concept of 1 hour effective fading wrinkles.
Joining hands with Peking Opera artist Wang Peiyu to launch the heartful micro-movie ”When Serious, You Win", and launch a limited edition Peking Opera mask at the same time.
Pechoin keeps up with consumers' demand for simplified skincare and launches new products that “reduce the burden but not reduce the efficacy” of the Cica-go Gentle Soothing Essence Toner.
So when at home, they will improve skin problems by simplifying skincare routines or with the help of beauty equipment.
The High-Tech Inhabitants often play games in groups, and staying up overnight is the norm in their lives. Therefore, they will have problems such as early aging and unstable skin condition.
Face the computer for a long time, causing their faces to be oily and dry.
Most The High-Tech Inhabitants like staying at home, which is one of their important skincare occasions. They will streamline skincare routines or use beauty equipment to make their skin better.
—— My Most Concerned Skincare Occasions (By Share of Buzz)
"As a resident in the office, the air conditioner make my face super dry! Drinking water + water spray all the time"
"Today is also a day for slacking off. why I have to work? The only happy thing is that my skin is brighter, maybe I have used the right serum"
"Skincare at home is relatively simple, watery lotion + serum + cream, that’s all. But my skin is surprisingly good"
"Recently, I take care of my skin very frequently. I feel good after applying various masks. I will continue to spend more time on skincare in the future.
"Finally have the first set of beauty equipment in life, so that the serum will not be wasted!"
Taking Pictures
N refers to the number of people who mentioned relevant keywords.
#1 The Metropolitan Mature: Occasion And Emotional Preferences
4. Bath: TGI=107.4
4. Bath: TGI=107.4
2. Fitness: TGI=125.0
“Grain Rain’s skincare products are so good! This set of Grain Rain lotions are perfect, and the packaging is simply beautiful! The moisturizing effect is particularly good, not greasy, comfortable and easy to absorb!”
Audience Attitude Towards Chinese Skincare Products
They pay attention to the natural radiance of the skin when they go shopping, but frequent dinner parties have caused skin problems such as acne and too much oil.
In the age of adolescence, they are troubled by pimples and enlarged pores.
—— My Most Concerned Skincare Occasions (By Share of Buzz)
The Happy Idolatry often entertains and dinners with friends, smoky restaurants and fatty foods will cause excessive oily skin and enlarged pores.
The Happy Idolatry value the leisure time of shopping with family and friends, and the radiant skin condition is what they hope to have at this time.
"Today is an appointment to go shopping to buy a small skirt. See, if my face turns whiter!"
"I applied a mask last night, I go shopping today, my complexion is good, but I feel unhappy when I think of going to school..."
"The weight is back to 104! And the skin has become super good, white and tender, as if I have found the sense of calm and confidence. And it's super fun to shop with pretty girl!"
"Hot pot makes me have acne, cold drinks make me aging prematurely, staying up late makes me shorten my lifespan"
"Recently, staying up late every day, eating sweets and barbecue, I feel that the oil on my face is more severe and the pores are bigger."
"I don't want to go to the dinner tomorrow! My skin is so unstable when I'm here in Hunan. I don't know if it has something to do with eating."
"Set up a flag. In the new semester, I want whiter skin, take good care of my face, lose ten pounds, and stay away from the style of poor students."”
#4 Why They Love Chinese Brands: The Functional Skincare And Super Attentive Service Of Chinese Products Have Been Perceived Well By The Shrewd Coolness
The Shrewd Coolness believe that Chinese skincare products perform well in terms of ingredients and efficacy. Moreover, the caring service gives people a sense of "uniqueness" and fully enjoy the self-pleasure needs of Gen Z.
The Shrewd Coolness pay attention to the pre-sales and after-sales service of the product. An Excellent service will make this group feel good and loyal to the brand immediately
Some Chinese brands will send customers a large number of samples along with the purchased products. Good gift service can also increase The Shrewd Coolness’s love of the brand
Audience Attitude Towards Chinese Skincare Products
They value the real benefits of products most, followed by patriotism and their needs of gift-giving.
They pursue a clean skin condition, and have a stronger preference for acne removal, fading acne marks, and sunscreen that can prevent acne formation.
“Deciding whether a skincare product is good or bad must be based on its benefit, because this directly leads to the condition of my skin, which is the most important thing!”
Entertainment is supreme, do whatever I want
Live in the present and leave things to the future
Keep up with the trend of the fandoms
#3 The Happy Idolatry: Entertainment Is Paramount, Life Is Casual
"Stars, idols, come to my bowl soon! I need to live on spiritual food!"
Entertainment is supreme, do whatever I want
08:30  Get up to wash, prepare to go to morning class
12:00  Make good use of lunch time to promote our idols on the charts!
16:00  Class is over! Go shopping with friends！
Their irregular lifestyles make them pay more attention to the benefits of removing dark circles and maintaining skin health.
"Of course you want to buy things that are good-looking and cost-effective! It's better to be new, cool and fashionable, otherwise how can I reflect my taste?
N refers to the number of people who mentioned relevant keywords.
#2 The Artistic Young: Basic Information
1、L'Occitane En Provence Hand Cream (欧舒丹护手霜)
#1 The Metropolitan Mature: Brand Preference
Top Bath & Body Fragrance Brand (N=1,323)
Top Home Fragrance Brand (N=149)
N refers to the number of people who mentioned relevant keywords.
Bath & Body fragrance buzz volume less than 0.5% is not displayed, and home fragrance buzz volume less than 1% is not displayed.
N refers to the number of people who mentioned relevant keywords.
The support of state policy + the positive response of business + the superior performance of brands + the change of consumption concept = the rise of Chinese skincare brands.
The State Intends To Stimulate The Revival Of Traditional Culture And Provide Policy Support For Chinese Brands
In December 2016, the State Council proposed “Deep integration of digital technology and cultural creativity.
In May 2017, the State Council approved the establishment of "China Brand Day" on May 10 every year since 2017.
In August 2018, it was proposed that "by 2025, cultural products with Chinese characteristics and styles will be more abundant, cultural consciousness and self-confidence will be enhanced, and international influence will be enhanced."
Business & Platforms To Respond To National Policy, Vigorously Promote Chinese Products
In 2018, "Tmall Action" creates crossover marketing methods to let traditional culture and brands re-enter the life circle of young people.
Use private traffic to influence public traffic. Compared with international well-known brands, it has less marketing cost and higher stickiness of fans.
Social media marketing content play more in line with the taste of young people, conducive to communication.
By means of data research and technology, consumers can be studied in depth. Product development and marketing can be targeted based on detailed traits of personas.
Better than expected quality and cost performance to win the favor of consumers.
The Consumption Concept Of Gen Z Is Quite Different From Previous Generations
Cultural Level: The recognition of Chinese traditional culture.
Emotional Level: a strong sense of national pride, especially in recent years, the trade war and conflicting PR events.
Personality Level: Gen Z Audiences have higher recognition and acceptance of brand rejuvenation.
Appearance Level : Chinese brands generally have higher face value (颜值), and consumers are willing to pay for delicate packaging or bottle design.
03. Marketing Strategy Analysis
02. Target Audience Segmentation Deep-dive
They focus on solving skin problems in adolescence, such as acne removal and shrinking pores. They also prepare for the prevention of skin aging, focusing on the benefits of reducing wrinkles and anti early aging.
The creative endorsement of their idols is also a major factor in attracting Them.
"My idol endorsed this brand. Buy it! Chinese brands still have to be endorsed by the Chinese to reflect traditional culture!"
The Happy Idolatry are keen to chase stars. They choose products through celebrity endorsements, and get closer to the celebrities to achieve the purpose of chasing stars.
Audience Attitude Towards Chinese Skincare Products
The main ingredients of products come from nature. In the name of natural purity, it solves consumers’ skin problems and pays more attention to the concept of health and environmental protection.
The brand positioning is niche (such as celebrity personal brand, customized skincare, etc.) or the price of single product fluctuates around 100 RMB, with high cost performance.
Unifon, WIS, Kans, Aupres, One Leaf, PMPM, Wetcode, Honey & Beauty, Fonce, MG, Meifubao…
*Examples of representative brands are not in order of volume
Most Chinese skincare brands focus on functional skin care, natural concept or ingredients; some brands focus on cost-effectiveness.
The old-name brands and more Chinese brands join the cross-over actions
Brands have gone popularity with the help of historical elements,
Reshape Brand Image
New Chinese brands target audiences through product efficacy and quality.
Luzhou Laojiao both crossover beauty
MAXAM × White Rabbit
Inoherb × The Summer Palace
Herborist × Traditional Intangible Cultural Heritage
Chinese skincare brand Dabao is making its debut overseas
Winona won two awards
N refers to the number of people who mentioned relevant keywords.
